Yunting, you came at the right time.
This little bitch doesn't know how
Cheat your grandma's bracelet
The bracelet was given to him by his grandmother
No way. He's out of his mind, and neither are you?
I know very well
Grandma gave it to my face
I've seen this kind of woman a lot
At first glance, it's the kind that wants to suck blood on you
Catch up with the upper class
He's still pregnant with a bastard who doesn't know who it is
The Gu family doesn't raise wild species
I am not eligible to wear this bracelet.
It just so happens that everyone is here today
I have an announcement to make.
The child in Jiang Yining's belly is mine
How could it be?
How is that possible?
Unexpectedly, a small employee looked pregnant up close
Turned into a lady
Cancellation is humiliating
Not only was the wedding annulled at the birthday party
And finally, they alienated the civilian doctors.
I have checked the matter.
Mom, you better treat the grandchildren in your belly
Be virtuous
I, Yunting, will cut the ribbon first and then talk about it.
I know you're okay
Wife
Xu Dongxian performs the ceremony
OK
Jiang Yinian, do you want to know your background?
You know where I come from.